[Never-Ending Summer]
[Episode 17]
Yes.
She really thinks after all these years
Away from Lanyue,
She can just come back, flap her lips,
And fix everything?
What a joke.
I know.
With the phase one's current results,
Nobody's forgetting
Who exactly built it up,
Right?
She wants to. Who doesn't?
But it depends on whether I'm willing.
Alright.
I've got something else.
Okay. Bye.
Come in.
What brings you here?
I'm here to return this.
After this summer vacation,
I'll go to Beijing.
My mother and I
Shouldn't keep in touch with the Lu family anymore.
And I can't accept your things.
Besides, I don't need it.
You came all this way
Just to
Tell me that?
Sit.
You applied
For computer science, right?
You should switch to architecture.
I'll get it done.
Don't worry
About the money either.
Okay?
I know you and your mom
Have had a tough time
All these years.
But who am I?
I'm your biological father.
How could I not know
What you really want to study?
So what?
If you really
Cared about our lives,
Things wouldn't have
Turned out like this.
You were young back then.
You didn't understand.
You had no idea
What was going on.
You used to—
Alright, alright.
Son,
We don't have to fight
About right and wrong today.
The past
Is the past.
What you need to focus on
Now is your future.
You got into Huaqing University
Relying on your own ability.
So from now on,
You need to study even harder.
Don't end up
Like Xixiao,
Throwing away your future
Over some little romance.
You're a man now.
Grown up.
Let me tell you,
A career is more important
To a man than his own life.
This pen
Is something I had specially
Customized for you.
It even has your name engraved on it.
Take it.
I believe one day,
You'll find a use for it.
I knew you were a good kid.
Here,
Have a drink.
No.
You're an adult now.
Take it.
Try it.
Here.
I wish you a smooth
Career ahead.
Cheers.
Are you okay?
What's going on? What happened?
Might be a fire.
Please come with us.
Shouldn't you two
Go check on your boss first?
Hurry up.
Let's go.
Mr. Lu.
What's going on?
We don't know yet.
But we've already
Called the fire department.
You should get out first.
Where's Lu Xixiao?
Where is Lu Xixiao?
He...
Let's go.
Find Xixiao.
Find him!
Xixiao!
Find Xixiao!
Zhou Wan, you're crazy.
Let's run away together.
Lu Xixiao.
Quick, stop here. Hurry.
You two go that way.
-This way! -You two go there!
You, come with me!
Still haven't found Xixiao.
Maybe he slipped away.
But
I spotted Miss Zhou on the surveillance
Before the power went out.
Keep looking!
Airport, train station—wherever!
You must find them!
You hear me?
Yes, sir.
Find Lu Xixiao!
And bring that Zhou Wan back too!
Go!
This has nothing to do with Zhou Wan.
What do you mean?
So you coming to see me...
Today was a setup.
Your real goal was to help Zhou Wan,
Wasn't it?
Though cutting ties with the Lu family—
That part
Wasn't a lie either.
You know what I'm going
To lose because of this?
Well played, Jiang Yan.
I really shouldn't have
Treated you like a kid.
Tomorrow,
Mr. Chang, who runs a home furnishings brand,
Is hosting a family dinner for me.
Compared to Xixiao,
I think you're more qualified
To come with me
As my son.
You're only asking me
Because he's gone, right?
You should see it as—
Lu Xixiao's failure
Has given you
A chance to prove yourself.
What if I don't want
This chance?
I'll come pick you up tomorrow.
[Ticket Office]
Wait for me here.
Hi. Two tickets, please.
Where to?
We're going to see snow.
The next train leaves in 10 minutes.
Standing room only.
That's fine.
[Ticket Office]
♪ If you had ever seen the fireflies ♪
♪ Inside my eyes ♪
♪ I think you would understand ♪
♪ Why I embrace the dark ♪
♪ People always want to reach out ♪
♪ But are afraid to pull their hands back ♪
♪ I choose to open my arms wide ♪
♪ And enjoy the weightlessness ♪
♪ If I could, I want to become ♪
♪ An astronomer ♪
♪ Lost in your night sky ♪
♪ Then fall and fall and fall ♪
♪ Maybe it's your gravity ♪
♪ That held me back from losing control ♪
♪ When you passed by me by accident ♪
♪ I finally learned to fall ♪
♪ Countless, unforgettable ♪
Beer, drinks, mineral water!
♪ No time left, so I ♪
Peanuts, sunflower seeds, grilled fish!
♪ Can only fall toward you ♪
Coming through. Legs in, please!
♪ Too dazzling, too lonely, it's alright ♪
♪ I believe in this encounter ♪
♪ Landing in the ruins of the galaxy ♪
♪ Exchanging our comets ♪
I had a beautiful dream.
♪ Suddenly I am certain ♪
♪ This mud all over me ♪
What kind of dream?
One as beautiful as me.
♪ Is the proof of love ♪
Look.
♪ I can't remember and can't go back ♪
♪ If you can't hold it tightly, let me ♪
♪ Fly without hesitation ♪
♪ Sorry, I'm too capricious and obsessed ♪
♪ The Milky Way is drowning ♪
♪ If one day you fall into ♪
♪ The gap a light-year away ♪
♪ You'll find ♪
♪ The scattered ashes ♪
♪ Burns my heart ♪
[Beicheng]
Thank you.
I'm going to eat.
Three—
Two, one!
You didn't say two, one!
You cheated.
You cheated. You're a cheat.
Be careful, you'll break it.
You started it.
-I took it all apart. -My fault.
I'm going to assemble.
Assembling now.
The body's gotta come off first. The body—
I-I already took it all apart.
Done.
What does this mean?
I put it back together.
Take it apart, then put it back.
That's not how you play?
Did you even take it apart?
I did.
I just poured everything out.
Wanna see the playback?
I took it all apart.
Tear it open,
Then tuck it in like this.
What's wrong?
It's stuck?
Wait.
Wait, wait.
Don't rush.
Don't yank it.
Don't—don't do that.
How about this?
Let's go.
Come on, I'll carry it.
There's a supermarket ahead. I'll take you there.
Congratulations!
Congrats to you both.
The bride and groom.
Tomorrow, bride,
You'll walk in
Through this door.
-Groom, you'll hold out the bouquet, -It's like a fairy tale.
Then take her hand.
In fairy tales,
The male and female lead
Go through all kinds of trials,
And finally got together in the end.
It's a wonderful ending.
Do you
Take this woman
To be your wife?
I do.
Okay.
Whether rich or poor,
In sickness or in health...
Even though this isn't
Our ending right now...
I do.
Okay.
I'm already so happy.
Me too.
Okay.
After that...
I have something to tell you.
Go ahead.
Let's date, Lu Xixiao.
I want to be with you.
Lu Xixiao.
Okay.
♪ The narcissus rides a carp, drifting away in sadness ♪
♪ Deep green lurks beneath the sea, stirring the nebula ♪
♪ On countless nights, we move forward ♪
♪ Seeking, waking up and collecting ♪
♪ Crazy love ♪
♪ Say yes, let's start fresh ♪
♪ The first night, my sunset ♪
♪ The whole world, the two of us♪
♪ The city doesn't sleep, ups and downs ♪
Groom,
♪ Breathing at midnight ♪
Do you take
This woman to be your wife?
I do!
Whether rich or poor,
♪ Someone lights the fire ♪
Until death do you part—
♪ The love burns each other ♪
Do you promise?
I do.
♪ My organs ♪
Bride, do you promise?
♪ Every midnight ♪
I do.
♪ Being played ♪
Okay.
Groom, please kneel on one knee
And present your bouquet to the bride.
Alright, bride,
You may help the groom up.
Applause!
But you know what?
All fairy tales
Are fake.
[Princess Lily]
Grandma.
In the storybook, the prince and princess
Lived
Happily ever after.
Is that true?
What's written in the book should be true, right?
Isn't this just emotional blackmail?
Mom, don't leave me.
The factory's in trouble.
Why do you have to be the one to take the blame?
What about the promises you made before we got married?
What did you say?
You said after we got married,
We'd have a good life.
I wouldn't have to do anything
Or worry about anything.
We'd live in a big house.
Isn't that
What you told me?
I believe our family
Can get through this.
All these years,
I have been
Doing all this for the factory.
[Princess Lily]
Are all
Fairy tales really lies?
Yes.
Fairy tales are all lies.
Mr. Chang.
Mr. Lu.
Welcome.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
Not at all.
Come here.
My son here
Is just a bit shy
And introverted.
This is the one who got into Huaqing University, right?
Yes.
Good.
Truly outstanding.
You're a lucky man, Mr. Lu.
Have a seat.
Okay. Come.
Did you see
Mr. Chang's look today?
Son,
You did great.
Mr. Chang said he really appreciates you.
He's just flattering you.
Running his business
On such a large scale,
Does he need to flatter anyone?
And Mr. Chang is a man
Of his word.
I've never seen him
Flatter Lu Xixiao.
Did you notice?
When you talked about
Integrating home furnishings
With real estate concepts—
The way he looked at you?
His eyes were shining.
He appreciates you so much.
He probably wishes you were
Part of his family right now.
What a pity for him.
You'll always
Be my son.
Since he's satisfied,
We're even now.
What do you mean
By "even"?
Am I not your biological father?
Everything I'm doing for you now
Is to pave the way
For your future,
Isn't it?
Come visit more often,
And have dinner with me.
Okay?
Brat.
Secretary,
Tell the housekeeper
To prepare some good dishes.
I'm having a proper drink
With my son tonight.
O-Okay.
Mr. Lu.
No need. I'm going home.
Why are you going home?
Isn't my home your home?
Just stay at home.
M-Mr. Lu, we're heading off now.
Please buckle up.
Hello, sir.
I'd like to get a room.
Okay. Checking in, right?
One room.
A deluxe queen room
Is 498 yuan per night.
Two standard rooms.
The standard room is 300 yuan per night.
Two rooms, right?
Okay. ID, please.
Can I pay with card?
Yes, you can.
Sorry, sir.
This card's declined.
Declined?
Yes.
Try this one.
Okay.
This one's declined too.
Your cards have been...
It's fine.
I still have cash.
But we probably can't afford
A hotel this expensive.
Let's think of something else.
Go out and look around.
As long as we're together.
Yes.
That's all that matters.
I'm sorry.
It's okay.
Please.
Okay.
What's the school situation
Like around here?
I'm planning on a long-term rental.
My kid's taking the high school entrance exam next year,
So I have to
Think about that.
Right. That's a big deal.
Where did you run off to?
Why are you dressed like that?
I accompanied my teacher to an event.
Needed formal wear.
The food's in the kitchen.
Go eat something.
I already ate.
You have all the gold medals.
That's amazing.
Yes.
No. 3 High School and No. 2 High School
Are both nearby.
Yangming High School
Is also top-tier.
My son just graduated
From Yangming High School this year.
Really?
Which university did he get into?
He didn't take the exam.
He won a national competition prize
And got early admission to Huaqing University.
He must be the top scorer, then?
He didn't take the exam,
So no score.
How could he be the top scorer?
That's even more impressive!
Why didn't you say so earlier?
This house
Is a treasure place!
We can soak up
Some of that good luck.
This room
Has the best lighting
In the whole house.
Cool in summer, warm in winter.
It's great
For the kid's eyes too.
My son's about to
Leave for university.
The days we have together
Are getting fewer.
If I weren't trying to spend more time with him,
I wouldn't even
Rent out my own
House.
So many certificates!
You've done
An amazing job raising him.
He has trophies too,
Not just certificates.
He's exceptional.
This house is not for rent.
Wh-
What?
My son's a little reluctant to leave.
Don't worry, son.
We'll rent a better
Place in Beijing.
After you graduate and start working—
I said this house is not for rent!
Do you not understand me?
Have you ever asked
What I think?
Do you even care about me?
Am I your son or not?
Get out.
Get out!
I...
-I'm leaving. -I'm so sorry.
Maybe take another look.
No.
Go take your son to see a doctor.
He has issues.
I'm really sorry.
Why?
I didn't have time
To take your measurements,
So I just brought one of
Xixiao's outfits.
Try it on. See if it fits.
Lu Xixiao.
Why am I always
Just your replacement?
Come on, eat while it's hot.
Taste the goodness.
With this money,
We can hold out a while longer.
We'll have to
Budget carefully.
The trees here are still green.
Probably won't snow
Anytime soon.
We'll need to keep
Heading north.
Further north?
Which way is north?
That way.
That way?
Come on, let's go north.
Sir.
Fixing bikes?
You got any
Used motorcycles?
Used ones?
Over there. That whole
Pile is used.
All of it?
You want something this beat up?
No.
If I can fix one up,
Can I get it cheaper?
Pretty confident.
I was going to strip these
For parts.
If you can actually fix one,
I'll sell it at cost.
Deal?
Have a look.
Sir.
How much did you pay for this?
I paid scrap price.
200 yuan.
But you were going to
Recycle it anyway.
If we can fix it,
Can you
Knock a little more off?
Miss,
I've got costs too.
200 is already rock bottom.
Please.
Just 50 less.
50.
Fine.
Then can you
Throw in two cans of fuel for us?
Alright.
If you really can fix it,
I'll give you two cans of fuel.
Okay?
Okay. Thank you.
Thank you, sir.
That...
That was quick.
That's not the one.
Thank you, sir!
That's not the one!
-Sir. -Sir, you said it yourself.
You said this one.
-You said that pile over there. -Isn't that all used motorcycles?
Listen, listen to me.
No, wait—
♪ Give me some candlelight ♪
♪ Let it illuminate his face ♪
♪ if your voice is hoarse ♪
♪ It'll lead to more imaginations ♪
[300 km to Yicheng]
♪ The warm night breeze ♪
♪ Has filled the corridor ♪
♪ Wet clothes ♪
♪ Flowing waves ♪
♪ Don't think about tomorrow ♪
[216 km to Yicheng]
♪ Look away in the next second ♪
♪ Tell a long joke ♪
♪ Fill up all the cracks ♪
♪ I don't want to live a wandering life ♪
[128 km to Yicheng]
♪ I don't care what belief he has ♪
♪ What does the world have to do with me? ♪
♪ It's getting late ♪
♪ His obsession ♪
♪ Keep everything in mind ♪
♪ The record is spinning ♪
♪ Let me finish this cigarette ♪
♪ Just stay here with me ♪
[45 km to Yicheng]
♪ Even if we just wander around ♪
♪ And do nothing ♪
Stop and go.
♪ Go on a date with me ♪
We'll just have fun wherever we end up.
♪ On this Sunday night ♪
But we do need
To plan carefully.
Even though we've
Got enough money
Between us to last a while,
Before that runs out,
We should find a place
Where we can work for room and board.
Work for room and board?
What's that mean?
Work for room and board? That's fine.
But
Let me be clear up front.
I'll provide three meals and a place to sleep.
But the place is a bit rough.
You'll have to
Clean it up yourselves.
Come in.
There are two beds.
♪ Don't think about tomorrow ♪
Exactly two beds.
Perfect.
♪ Look away in the next second ♪
We can cook too.
We can even cook here. Look.
Not bad at all.
♪ Tell a long joke ♪
Ma'am, can we stay long-term?
You can
Stay as long as you like.
♪ Fill up all the cracks ♪
But you have to think it over.
This yard's been
Abandoned for a long time.
♪ I don't want to live a wandering life ♪
It'll take some work
To fix up.
♪ I don't care what belief he has ♪
♪ What does the world have to do with me? ♪
Xixiao, help me see the guests out.
♪ It's getting late ♪
Sure. This way.
Be careful.
-The car is over here. -Bye.
Welcome to come again.
♪ Will you come with me? ♪
Come.
How was it? Did you have fun?
Yeah.
♪ Faint echoes ♪
Bye.
♪ A yawn ♪
♪ To hide the pretense of guilt ♪
This puppy was left
Behind by a customer
Last time.
♪ When dawn comes ♪
Little puppy.
You two are both
So young.
I was young once too.
♪ Time flies ♪
So you two
Should cherish each other,
♪ Forget everything ♪
And cherish this time together.
♪ Could his thoughts ♪
Shake hands.
♪ Actually be the same as mine ♪
-Shake hands. -The noodles are ready, Zhou Wan.
-Let's eat noodles. -Shake hands.
Just staring at it, not me.
Aren't you?
It kind of looks like you.
It really does.
Xiaojin.
Xiaohuang.
Xiaoliu.
Xiaoliu?
Zhou Xiaoliu.
Zhou Xiaoliu!
Cover up.
Come try my cooking, Zhou Wan.
Smells amazing.
Eat up.
Have some of this.
Give me your bowl.
How is it?
Instant noodles are the best at times like this.
Refill.
Why aren't you eating?
I am.
I'm eating this now.
Go on.
Go lean over there and eat.
I heard
It's still a while before the snow comes.
I've already made a list of things
We'll need over the next few days.
Let's go to the supermarket
And stock up.
Sure.
Let's grab some books too.
Books?
What for?
I want to retake the exam.
Retake?
Why the sudden idea?
Grandma always said
She wanted me to go to college
And see more of the world.
I still want to fulfill her wish.
Okay.
No problem.
What about you?
Do you want to retake it with me?
What's your plan?
I'll follow your lead.
You'll follow my lead?
So you just follow me,
And do whatever I say.
Why are you laughing?
I'm just thinking,
Seeing you plan our life
Like this now,
You're totally gonna
Run my life.
Who wants to do that?
If you don't, who will?
You've eaten all the noodles.
Are you gonna lead me or not?
I'll lead you.
But honestly,
I've never really been interested
In this world.
I never had much hope for the future.
Everything just felt kind of boring.
But
Now that
You're with me,
Every time I think about the future,
I actually find it exciting.
I never make promises
Or talk about
"forever"
With anyone.
But this time,
I really want to say this to you:
Zhou Wan,
Let's spend every summer
Together from now on.
Okay?
Winter too.
-You scared me. -Spring, summer, fall, and winter.
I thought you weren't going to say yes.
[Top Student Practice Book]
The admission score for art school
Isn't that high.
Why are you using
Such hard problems?
I'm setting the bar higher
So I'll be more prepared when the time comes.
I can't end up being your junior, right?
I was your teacher,
Wasn't I?
That's different.
How is it different?
We're different.
Behave yourself.
If I make progress in my studies,
I deserve a reward, don't I?
What kind of reward?
[42 Sets of Cloze Tests for Gaokao English]
If I improve my scores,
[5-Year Gaokao, 3-Year Simulation]
You'll have to kiss me.
We're in a bookstore.
Go away.
Read your own books.
Hello?
Hello, Xixiao.
Where are you?
I'm at the bookstore.
I'm with Zhou Wan, picking up
Some books for the retake.
Wait,
Are you really retaking the exam?
What?
Why?
You don't have to.
Just wait for the heat to die down.
No matter where you want to go,
Art school or auto repair,
Your old man can
Pull strings for you.
It's because I don't
Just want to date her.
I want to stay by her side
And take care of her.
[The microphone is on.] [Hang up] [The speaker is on.]
That way,
Our lives stay on
The same track.
I actually want to
[The microphone is on.] [Hang up] [The speaker is on.]
Be with her, for real.
You understand?
Of course I do.
I know Zhou Wan is special,
And I know you really like her.
What's that saying online?
"When a man falls in love..."
He has a wild heart.
Can he really settle down
And study for a retake?
Yes.
He already promised me.
He may not look it,
But he's actually
The most devoted person.
Once he sets his mind on something,
That's it for life.
What does devotion have
To do with studying,
Right?
He never had anyone
In his heart before.
Now he has Zhou Wan.
Everything is different.
He told me
He's going to study hard
[The microphone is on.] [Hang up] [The speaker is on.]
And go to college
In the same city as her.
He never had a mom,
And he's cut ties
With his dad.
I used to not be able to
Talk some sense into him.
But hearing
His plan now,
I think it's great.
So, miss,
You have to
Be good to him.
I'm on the phone with my bestie.
Stop butting in.
They're together.
You two are here in the store.
Can't you just talk on the same call?
[The microphone is on.] [Hang up] [The speaker is on.]
This is our puppy.
Zhou Xiaoliu.
See?
[The microphone is on.] [Hang up] [The speaker is on.]
Xiaoliu.
Hello.
Handsome, isn't he?
Handsome, right?
This one's a girl.
This one's a girl. Pretty, right?
♪ If you had ever seen the fireflies ♪
Pretty, right?
♪ Inside my eyes ♪
♪ I think you would understand ♪
♪ Why I embrace the dark ♪
♪ People always want to reach out ♪
Show me yours first.
Let me see yours first.
♪ But are afraid to pull their hands back ♪
I see yours first.
You see mine...
Show me yours first.
♪ I choose to open my arms wide ♪
♪ And enjoy the weightlessness ♪
♪ If I could, I want to become ♪
♪ An astronomer ♪
Show me yours first.
♪ Lost in your night sky ♪
♪ Then fall and fall and fall ♪
How about this?
Let's count to three.
Three, two, one.
♪ Maybe it's your gravity ♪
♪ That held me back from losing control ♪
♪ When you passed by me by accident ♪
♪ I finally learned to fall ♪
♪ Countless, unforgettable ♪
♪ No time left, so I ♪
♪ Can only fall toward you ♪
♪ Too dazzling, too lonely, it's alright ♪
♪ I believe in this encounter ♪
♪ Landing in the ruins of the galaxy ♪
♪ Exchanging our comets ♪
♪ Suddenly I am certain ♪
♪ This mud all over me ♪
What a coincidence.
♪ Is the proof of love ♪
Do you know what I was going to give you?
Of course not.
-Of course I don't. -Then why?
I get it.
Because this is just...
Meant to be.